README.md, before:

# tabris-maps-example
This is an example [Tabris.js](https://tabrisjs.com) project to demonstrate how the [tabris-maps](https://github.com/eclipsesource/tabris-maps) custom widget can be used.

## Running the example

### Using the online build service
1. Browse to Google Developers Console/API & auth/Credentials (https://console.developers.google.com/project/[YOUR_PROJECT_NAME]/apiui/credential) and add an Android key/edit an existing one. Add your Android SHA-1 certificate fingerprint and use `com.eclipsesource.tabris.maps.example` as the package name.
1. Fork the repository (alternatively you can create your own project using the tabris-maps plugin).
1. Create a Tabris.js app on https://tabrisjs.com/[YOUR_USER]/apps/ with your GitHub fork (or own GitHub project).
1. Add an environment variable `API_KEY_FOR_ANDROID` with your Google Maps API key as a value on the settings tab of your app.
1. Select the Android signing key for the app whose fingerprint was registered on the Google Developers Console.
1. Create a build.

### Locally
1. Clone the repository.
1. Make sure your Android debug certificate's fingerprint is registered with the API key you will use for Google Maps on Google Developers Console/API & auth/Credentials (https://console.developers.google.com/project/[YOUR_PROJECT_NAME]/apiui/credential)
1. Download the latest Android Cordova platform from https://tabrisjs.com/download
1. Execute the following:
```sh
export API_KEY_FOR_ANDROID=[YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY]
cordova platform add [LOCATION_TO_THE_CORDOVA_PLATFORM]
cordova run
```

## Screenshots
![Center the map](assets/screenshots/example-page-center_property.small.png)
![Map markers](assets/screenshots/example-page-marker.small.png)

Commit message:

Explain how to build in debug mode on tabrisjs.com

README.md, after:

# tabris-maps-example
This is an example [Tabris.js](https://tabrisjs.com) project to demonstrate how the [tabris-maps](https://github.com/eclipsesource/tabris-maps) custom widget can be used.

## Running the example

### Using the online build service
1. Browse to Google Developers Console/API & auth/Credentials (https://console.developers.google.com/project/[YOUR_PROJECT_NAME]/apiui/credential) and add an Android key/edit an existing one. Add your Android SHA-1 certificate fingerprint and use `com.eclipsesource.tabris.maps.example` as the package name.
1. Fork the repository (alternatively you can create your own project using the tabris-maps plugin).
1. Create a Tabris.js app on https://tabrisjs.com/[YOUR_USER]/apps/ with your GitHub fork (or own GitHub project).
1. Add an environment variable `API_KEY_FOR_ANDROID` with your Google Maps API key as a value on the settings tab of your app.
1. Select the Android signing key for the app whose fingerprint was registered on the Google Developers Console.
1. Create a build.

**ATTENTION:** If you build your app in debug mode ("debug" toggle button switched to "on" in the "Settings" tab of you build on https://tabrisjs.com) the Tabris.js build service generates an internal debug key to sign your app. To find the SHA1 of that key, install the app produced by the debug build on an Android device, connect with ```adb``` to your device and look for the following output:
```
I/b       (16793): Sending API token request.
D/map.holder(16793): map is ready
E/b       (16793): Authentication failed on the server.
E/Google Maps Android API(16793): Authorization failure.  Please see https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/android/start for how to correctly set up the map.
E/Google Maps Android API(16793): In the Google Developer Console (https://console.developers.google.com)
E/Google Maps Android API(16793): Ensure that the "Google Maps Android API v2"is enabled.
E/Google Maps Android API(16793): Ensure that the following Android Key exists:
E/Google Maps Android API(16793):   API Key: XXX-YOUR-API-KEY-HERE-XXX
E/Google Maps Android API(16793):   Android Application (<cert_fingerprint>;<package_name>): YYY-SHA1-HERE-YYY;com.eclipsesource.tabris.maps.example
```
Then use the SHA1 from that output (marked with ```YYY-SHA1-HERE-YYY``` above) with your maps API key in the Google developer console. Update the API key you use in the debug build. Do not generate a new one. Be aware, that the build service will generate a new debug key for every build in debug mode and that propagation of the newly associated SHA1 takes some minutes.

### Locally
1. Clone the repository.
1. Make sure your Android debug certificate's fingerprint is registered with the API key you will use for Google Maps on Google Developers Console/API & auth/Credentials (https://console.developers.google.com/project/[YOUR_PROJECT_NAME]/apiui/credential)
1. Download the latest Android Cordova platform from https://tabrisjs.com/download
1. Execute the following:
```sh
export API_KEY_FOR_ANDROID=[YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY]
cordova platform add [LOCATION_TO_THE_CORDOVA_PLATFORM]
cordova run
```

## Screenshots
![Center the map](assets/screenshots/example-page-center_property.small.png)
![Map markers](assets/screenshots/example-page-marker.small.png)
